 CS 480
Project:  Payroll Database Management Company

Description: (7/13/2020)
		Consider a company designed to handle Payroll of other companies:  Every time a company joins to our system a unique company ID is created with 
    the details of the company (name, address, contact number, employee size). All the companies have numerous employees and a database for all the 
    employees is also created with a unique employee ID number (employee name, hiring date, gender, date of birth, and compensation type.) Also, for 
    every employee, there is separate entity related to Tax, Pay, and Deductibles. Tax has following attributes: - employee Id, state tax, federal tax, 
    social security tax, and Medicare. Deductibles has following attributes: -employee ID, dental insurance, vision insurance, medical insurance, 401K, 
    and Life insurance. Pay has following attributes: - employee ID, compensation type, rate, Salary, hours worked, salary days, pay starting date, and 
    pay ending date. To connect all this data, we have a tb_user entity, which contains login data for each and every employee. Three strong entity in 
    our database are tb_user, Company and Employee.   



Project Part 2 – CRUD (Create, read, update, and delete)
Deadline: July 18, 2020

List of entities:
1. tb_user
2. company
3. employee
4. salary_employee
5. hourly_employee
6. salary_tax
7. hourly_tax
8. hourly_deductibles
9. salary_deductibles

Based on the Demo (Part 1), implement the following functionality using Java and SQL with necessary GUI interfaces. 
 

1. Insert/delete/update/read a "company" (all attributes except the company_id).
	The compan_id should be is the unique key, and all the other atributes are reated data to the company.	
2. Insert/delete/update/read a "employee" (all attributes except the employee_id).
	This is the list of all the employee in the system, and they are divided according to their pay type.	
3. Insert/delete/update/read a "hourly_employee" (all attributes except the hourly_ssn)
	This is the Litt of all the employes who has theri pay type as hourly. 



Project Part 3 – Queries       
Deadline: August 1, 2020

Based on the Demo, implement the following functionality using Java and SQL with necessary GUI interfaces.
Trivial Queries:
1. Getting the average employee size for a particular company from all the different locations.
2. Concatenating and giving the name and the employee id of all the employee from company id.
3. Getting the total tax of all the salaried employees from the salary tax, showing it with the most tax paying employee.
		
Non-trivial Queries:
1. Showing the net income(income after deductibles and tax) of all the salaried employee.
2. Getting the count of all the employees working for the specific company regardless of the company's different locations.
3. Getting name and id of all the hourly employees whose pay rate is above $25.00.
4. Showing data of all the company who has more then 900 employees.
5. Getting id, pay rate and state tax of hourly employees whose pay rate is more than $20.00 and paying state tax more then the average employees 
